the fish scientists have reached a
hundred and twenty meters they have hit
a rich seam of fish and it's a race
against time to catch as many as they
can
[Music]
Richard hoped this place would be full
of new species but at 120 metres he has
discovered something truly startling
with only minutes left in the deep this
neon blue fish is a prized catch 20
minutes of competitive fish collecting
Richard and his team have to leave the
depths stopping every 10 meters is vital
in ridding the body of gases that have
built up and the same applies to the
fish they have collected a fish that
lives down here will die if it is taken
to the surface too quickly
so Richard delicately pierces the fishes
swim bladder and releases the gas taking
almost as much care of the fish
decompression as their own the
scientists ensure that these valuable
specimens will be alive when they reach
the surface
[Music]